## Add a Symlink

Symlinks are used as the primary technique to reference components from other repos in a project's source tree.  This is done in order to maintain synchronicity with component versions across projects.

If possible, symlinks should be created from the quintessence file, so that the generated files can be created by the build system in that project's directory directly.  If a quintessence file is not available for that  component, then you'll want to create symlinks of the header and source files.  Test files do not need to be included.

To create a symlink, use the `symlink_component` from the command line (an alias to the `symlink_component_from_another_project` from the `blast` project).

* You can run `symlink_component` with no arguments and it will output an error message with instructions on usage.
* Note that the `symlink_component` program is safe to execute and will have no side effects other than outputting to stdout.
* You must the commands generated by `symlink_component` in the directory of the project where you want the new components to be.

When running `symlink_component`, pass the project name that contains the source component, followed by a component name.

For example:

```
> symlink_component allegro_flare AllegroFlare/Vec3D
```
The above command will generate the symlink commands (one per line) and dump them to the terminal as raw text:

```
TARGET_PROJECT=allegro_flare; COMPONENT=AllegroFlare/Vec3D; mkdir -p ./quintessence/AllegroFlare && ln -s ../../../${TARGET_PROJECT}/quintessence/${COMPONENT}.q.yml ./quintessence/${COMPONENT}.q.yml; unset COMPONENT; unset TARGET_PROJECT
TARGET_PROJECT=allegro_flare; COMPONENT=AllegroFlare/Vec3D; mkdir -p ./tests/AllegroFlare && ln -s ../../../${TARGET_PROJECT}/tests/${COMPONENT}Test.cpp ./tests/${COMPONENT}Test.cpp; unset COMPONENT; unset TARGET_PROJECT
TARGET_PROJECT=allegro_flare; COMPONENT=AllegroFlare/Vec3D; mkdir -p ./src/AllegroFlare && ln -s ../../../${TARGET_PROJECT}/src/${COMPONENT}.cpp ./src/${COMPONENT}.cpp; mkdir -p ./include/AllegroFlare && ln -s ../../../${TARGET_PROJECT}/include/${COMPONENT}.hpp ./include/${COMPONENT}.hpp; unset COMPONENT; unset TARGET_PROJECT
```

* The first command, when executed, will symlink the quintessence file only
* The second command will symlink the test file (if you wish to symlink it). Sometimes this can be helpful if you want to develop symlinked components outside their native project, though it is recommended that you enter into the source project for the component to make the changes there.
* The third command will symlink the header and source files.

Pick whichever command(s) are necessary for your purpose, copy/paste it, and run it while in the the project's directory.  The new symlinks will appear in your project.  Run `make` (if you symlinked a quintessence file) to generate the header/source files.

Finally, commit the files into your source tree.
